obs-pipelines: add support for buffer management in destinations (#3401)
DataDog/terraform-provider-datadog: docs/resources/observability_pipeline.md

Optional:

- `auth` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--destination--amazon_opensearch--auth))

> - `buffer` (Block List) Configuration for buffer settings on destination components. Exactly one of `disk` or `memory` must be specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--destination--amazon_opensearch--buffer))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `buffer` (Block List) Configuration for buffer settings on destination components. Either `disk` or `memory` must be specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--destination--amazon_opensearch--buffer))
```

- `memory` (Block List) Options for configuring a memory buffer. Cannot be used with `disk`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--destination--elasticsearch--buffer--memory))

<a id="nestedblock--config--destination--elasticsearch--buffer--disk"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.destination.elasticsearch.buffer.disk`

Optional:

- `max_size` (Number) Maximum size of the disk buffer (in bytes).

<a id="nestedblock--config--destination--elasticsearch--buffer--memory"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.destination.elasticsearch.buffer.memory`

Optional:

- `max_events` (Number) Maximum events for the memory buffer.
- `max_size` (Number) Maximum size of the memory buffer (in bytes).

<a id="nestedblock--config--destination--google_chronicle"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.destination.google_chronicle`

Optional:

- `auth` (Block List) GCP credentials used to authenticate with Google Cloud services. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--destination--google_chronicle--auth))

> - `buffer` (Block List) Configuration for buffer settings on destination components. Exactly one of `disk` or `memory` must be specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--destination--google_chronicle--buffer))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `buffer` (Block List) Configuration for buffer settings on destination components. Either `disk` or `memory` must be specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--destination--google_chronicle--buffer))
```

- `acl` (String) Access control list setting for objects written to the bucket.
- `auth` (Block List) GCP credentials used to authenticate with Google Cloud services. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--destination--google_cloud_storage--auth))

> - `buffer` (Block List) Configuration for buffer settings on destination components. Exactly one of `disk` or `memory` must be specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--destination--google_cloud_storage--buffer))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `buffer` (Block List) Configuration for buffer settings on destination components. Either `disk` or `memory` must be specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--destination--google_cloud_storage--buffer))
```

Optional:

- `auth` (Block List) GCP credentials used to authenticate with Google Cloud services. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--destination--google_pubsub--auth))

> - `buffer` (Block List) Configuration for buffer settings on destination components. Exactly one of `disk` or `memory` must be specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--destination--google_pubsub--buffer))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `buffer` (Block List) Configuration for buffer settings on destination components. Either `disk` or `memory` must be specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--destination--google_pubsub--buffer))
```

- `table` (String) The name of the Log Analytics table where logs will be sent.
- `tenant_id` (String) Azure AD tenant ID.

Optional:

> - `buffer` (Block List) Configuration for buffer settings on destination components. Exactly one of `disk` or `memory` must be specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--destination--microsoft_sentinel--buffer))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `buffer` (Block List) Configuration for buffer settings on destination components. Either `disk` or `memory` must be specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--destination--microsoft_sentinel--buffer))
```

- `region` (String) The SentinelOne region to send logs to.

Optional:

> - `buffer` (Block List) Configuration for buffer settings on destination components. Exactly one of `disk` or `memory` must be specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--destination--sentinel_one--buffer))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `buffer` (Block List) Configuration for buffer settings on destination components. Either `disk` or `memory` must be specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--destination--sentinel_one--buffer))
```

Optional:

> - `buffer` (Block List) Configuration for buffer settings on destination components. Exactly one of `disk` or `memory` must be specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--destination--socket--buffer))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `buffer` (Block List) Configuration for buffer settings on destination components. Either `disk` or `memory` must be specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--destination--socket--buffer))
```
